# Terms of Use

**Effective Date / Last Updated: August 4, 2020**

These Terms of Use (&quot;**Terms**&quot;) constitute a legal agreement between you and Data Science For Social Good d/b/a Solve For Good (&quot;**Solve For Good** ,&quot; &quot;**we** ,&quot; &quot;**us**,&quot; or &quot;**our**&quot;). Solve for Good provides an online platform (&quot;**Platform**&quot;) for social good organizations to pose and describe their problems that need data intensive help (&quot;**Social Good Organization(s)**&quot;), and for volunteers to seek out volunteer opportunities and help solve those problems (&quot;**Volunteer(s)**&quot;). By accessing Solve For Good&#39;s website [www.solveforgood.org](http://www.solveforgood.org/) (the &quot;**Site**&quot;) or using any of the Platform, accessible through the Site, you become a user and agree to, and are bound by, these Terms. If you are an individual entering into these Terms as a Volunteer &quot;**you**&quot; refers to you the individual. If you are entering into this Agreement on behalf of a Social Good Organization you represent and warrant that you have the authority to bind the Social Good Organization to this Agreement. In this instance, &quot; **you**&quot; shall refer to the Social Good Organization.

**BY ACCESSING OR USING THE SITE AND PLATFORM,** **YOU (&quot;YOU&quot;) AGREE THAT YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTAND THESE TERMS AND OUR <ins>PRIVACY POLICY</ins>. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THESE TERMS OR OUR <ins>PRIVACY POLICY</ins>, DO NOT ACCESS OR USE THE SITE OR PLATFORM.**

**We may modify these Terms at any time. All changes will be effective immediately upon posting to the Site. Material changes will be conspicuously posted on the Site or otherwise communicated to you. By using the Site or Platform after changes are posted, you agree to those changes.**

Sections 1 through 25 are general terms that always apply to you when accessing the Site and Portal. See Section 26 below for additional terms tailored for you to comply with in your capacity as a Volunteer and see Section 27 below for additional terms tailored for you to comply with in your capacity as a Social Good Organization. Please note, Solve For Good may offer additional services and revise the Platform offered or the Site as needed in our discretion.

**General Terms Applicable to All Site Users:**

1. **Privacy Policy.** We may collect certain information about you and about your use of the Site as described in our Privacy Policy, which is incorporated into these Terms. The Privacy Policy describes our information collection, use, and sharing practices. If you do not agree to any terms in our Privacy Policy, do not access or use the Site.

1. **Content.** The Site, including its text, audio, video, graphics, charts, photographs, interfaces, icons, software, computer code, data, trademarks, logos, slogans, documentation, other components and content, and the design, selection, and arrangement of content, and all intellectual property rights in the foregoing (collectively, the &quot;**Content**&quot;) are exclusively the property of Solve For Good or, as applicable, its vendors or licensors. Except for the rights expressly granted to you in the next section, Solve For Good reserves all other rights in and to the Site and Content, including all intellectual property rights.

1. **Use Rights**. You may only use the Site, Platform, or Content for your personal or business non-exclusive use, so long as you comply with these Terms, the Privacy Policy, all other terms posted throughout the Site as applicable to you (if any), and all applicable laws. You may only use the Site, Platform, and the Content for their intended purposes for which they are made available to you by Solve For Good.

1. **Use of Marks.** Solve For Good owns certain trademarks, names, logos, insignia, or service marks (&quot;**Marks**&quot;). You do not have the right to use any Marks except as expressly agreed to in writing by Solve For Good. In addition, the Site may contain third-party marks and third-party copyrighted materials, which are the property of their respective owners. Nothing in these Terms grants to you any rights in or to those third-party marks or materials without such third-party&#39;s consent.

1. **Intellectual Property Rights.** The Site and Content are protected by copyright, trademark, and other intellectual property laws. Any unauthorized use of any trademarks, trade dress, copyrighted materials, or any other intellectual property belonging to Solve For Good or any third party is strictly prohibited and may be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law.

1. **Compliance with Laws.** In connection with your access to and use of the Site and Platform,you are responsible for complying with all applicable laws, regulations, and rules of all relevant jurisdictions, including all applicable rules regarding online conduct.

1. **Children&#39;s Information**. The Site and Platform are not directed at children under the age of thirteen (13) years old. If you are under thirteen (13) years old, you must immediately stop using the Site and Platform.

1. **Viruses.** You must use up-to-date, commercially standard, anti-virus software on any computer or device used by you to access the Site. We are not liable for any virus you might receive from our Site or links on our Site, and you access our Site at your sole risk.

1. **Accounts.** To set up an account with us and use our Platform, you will be asked to provide your first and last name, email address, a password, and other personal information as may be required. You also must acknowledge and agree to these Terms to create an account. You must provide accurate information when setting up an account and keep all account information current.<br/><br/>You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and account. You are fully responsible for all uses of your password and account, including any unauthorized use. You agree to: (a) keep your password confidential and not share it with anyone else, and (b) immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your password or account.<br/><br/>You acknowledge and agree that we are authorized to act on instructions received through use of your password and account, and that we may, but are not obligated to, deny access or block any transaction made through use of your password or account without prior notice if we believe your password and account are being used by someone other than you, or for any other reason.<br/><br/>When you register an account with us, you will be prompted to give your consent to our processing of your personal data. By indicating your consent, you expressly authorize Solve For Good to collect and process your personal data consistent with the purposes described in our Privacy Policy.

1. **Restrictions on Your Use of the Site.**
  
    1. You will not copy, duplicate, sell, publish, post, license, rent, distribute, modify, translate, adapt, reverse-engineer, or create derivative works of the Site or Content without Solve For Good&#39;s prior written consent.

    1. You will not use the Site or Platform for unlawful purposes.

    1. You will not submit inaccurate, incomplete, or out-of-date information via the Site, commit fraud or falsify information in connection with your use of the Site.

    1. You will not engage in data mining or similar data gathering or extraction activities from the Site. You will not use the Site to harvest email addresses, names or other information of the users of the Site or to spam other users of the Site.

    1. You will not access, use, or copy any portion of the Site or Content, through the use of indexing agents, spiders, scrapers, bots, web crawlers, or other automated devices or mechanisms.

    1. You will not use the Site to post, transmit, input, upload, or otherwise provide any information or material that contains any viruses, worms, Trojan horses, malware, ransomware, adware, or other harmful computer code that may disable, damage, impair, or otherwise interfere with the Site, the servers used to make the Site available, or any other network, computers, hardware, software or systems.

    1. You will not engage in activities that aim to render the Site or Platform inoperable or to make their use more difficult.

    1. You may not frame, mirror or circumvent the navigational structure of any part of the Site.

    1. You may not upload, distribute, transmit, or post anything to or through the Site that: (i) is fraudulent, libelous, obscene, pornographic, indecent, violent, offensive, hate speech, harassing, threatening, defamatory, harms another person, or the like; (ii) invades the privacy of another or includes the confidential or proprietary information of another; or (iii) is protected by intellectual property rights without the express prior written consent of the owner of such intellectual property rights.

    1. You may not engage in any conduct while using the Site or Platform that Solve For Good considers inappropriate, unauthorized, or contrary to the intended purpose of the Site and Platform.

1. **Feedback and Other Content Submitted By You**. If you submit comments or feedback to us regarding the Site, the Platform, or its Content, or any other comments, questions, requests, content or information that is not personal information (&quot; **Feedback**&quot;), we may use any comments and feedback that you send us in our discretion and without attribution or compensation to you.

1. **NO WARRANTY. THE SITE, PLATFORM, AND CONTENT ARE PROVIDED &quot;AS IS,&quot; &quot;AS AVAILABLE,&quot; AND WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, SOLVE FOR GOOD EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND WITH RESPECT TO THE SITE, PLATFORM, AND CONTENT, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING FROM STATUTE, SUCH AS COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE IN TRADE.**<br/><br/>**SOLVE FOR GOOD MAKES COMMERCIALLY REASONABLE EFFORTS TO ENSURE THAT ALL CONTENT ON THE SITE AND PLATFORM IS ACCURATE AND RELIABLE, BUT NEITHER ACCURACY NOR RELIABILITY ARE GUARANTEED. SOLVE FOR GOOD DOES NOT WARRANT OR GUARANTEE THE QUALITY, COMPLETENESS, TIMELINESS, OR AVAILABILITY OF THE SITE, PLATFORM, OR CONTENT. SOLVE FOR GOOD DOES NOT WARRANT OR GUARANTEE THAT THE SITE, PLATFORM, OR CONTENT WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, THAT ANY DEFECTS IN THE SITE, PLATFORM, OR CONTENT WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THE SITE OR THE SERVERS THAT MAKE THE SITE AND PLATFORM AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL CONDITIONS OR COMPONENTS. SOLVE FOR GOOD DOES NOT WARRANT OR GUARANTEE THAT THE SITE, PLATFORM, OR CONTENT WILL MEET YOUR PERSONAL OR PROFESSIONAL NEEDS.**<br/><br/>**WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, WE DO NOT WARRANT OR ENDORSE ANY THIRD-PARTY CONTENT.**

1. **LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL SOLVE FOR GOOD OR ITS DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, OWNERS, EMPLOYEES, CONTRACTORS, REPRESENTATIVES, CONSULTANTS, VOLUNTEERS, AGENTS, SUPPLIERS, ATTORNEYS OR LICENSORS (TOGETHER, &quot;SOLVE FOR GOOD PARTY(IES)&quot;) BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL LOSS OR DAMAGE, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SITE, PLATFORM, OR CONTENT, OR YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF, OR INABILITY TO ACCESS OR USE, THE SITE, PLATFORM, OR CONTENT, REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION, WHETHER THE CLAIM IS BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY, WARRANTY, OR OTHERWISE, AND EVEN IF A SOLVE FOR GOOD PARTY HAS EXPRESS KNOWLEDGE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF THE LOSS OR DAMAGE.**<br/><br/>**YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO STOP ACCESSING AND USING THE SITE, PLATFORM, OR CONTENT.**<br/><br/>**WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, IN NO EVENT WILL THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF THE SOLVE FOR GOOD PARTIES ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SITE, PLATFORM, OR CONTENT, OR YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF, OR INABILITY TO ACCESS OR USE, THE SITE, PLATFORM, OR CONTENT EXCEED $100 U.S.D., EVEN IF ANY REMEDY PROVIDED FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.**<br/><br/>**SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES, SO SOME OF THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.**

1. **INDEMNIFICATION. YOU SHALL INDEMNIFY, DEFEND AND HOLD HARMLESS THE SOLVE FOR GOOD PARTIES FROM AND AGAINST ALL LOSSES, CLAIMS, LIABILITIES, DEMANDS, COMPLAINTS, ACTIONS, DAMAGES, JUDGMENTS, SETTLEMENTS, FINES, PENALTIES, EXPENSES, AND COSTS (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION REASONABLE ATTORNEYS&#39; FEES) THAT ARISE OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH (A) YOUR VIOLATION OF APPLICABLE LAWS, (B) YOUR MISUSE OF THE SITE, PLATFORM, OR ANY CONTENT, AND (C) YOUR BREACH OF THESE TERMS OR ANY OTHER TERMS ON THE SITE. WE RESERVE, AND YOU GRANT TO US, THE EXCLUSIVE RIGHT TO ASSUME THE DEFENSE AND CONTROL OF ANY MATTER SUBJECT TO INDEMNIFICATION BY YOU (SUBJECT TO YOUR CONTINUING INDEMNIFICATION).**

1. **Third-Party Websites and Content.** The Site may link to, or be linked to, websites not maintained or controlled by Solve For Good. Those links are provided as a convenience to the visitors of our Site. Solve For Good is not responsible for examining or evaluating the content or accuracy of third-party websites linked through the Site. Solve For Good does not warrant or endorse any third-party website or any products or services made available through those websites. When leaving the Site, it is the terms and privacy policy of that third party that govern your use of third-party site (and such third-party&#39;s use or your personal information), not these Terms.<br/><br/>The Site also contains certain third-party content. We provide third-party content for your convenience, not as an endorsement. The presence of third-party content does not mean that Solve For Good has reviewed the third-party content or that there is any association between Solve For Good and any third party. You access third-party content at your sole risk. Solve For Good has no responsibility for any third-party content. Nothing in these Terms grants you any rights to any third-party content.

1. **Linking to the Site.** You are prohibited from linking to this Site on your website or elsewhere without the prior express written consent of Solve For Good. If Solve For Good grants you a right to link to the Site, certain terms may apply and Solve For Good reserves the right to revoke such consent at any time. You are responsible for any costs incurred by Solve For Good in enforcing its rights under this Section.

1. **Use Outside the United States**. While we do not restrict the use of this Site or Platform in any country outside the United States, we cannot guarantee availability or legality of use based on local laws or regulations.<br/><br/>**THE EXISTENCE OF THE SITE, PLATFORM, OR ANY CONTENT SHALL NOT BE CONSTRUED AS SOLVE FOR GOOD OR THE SOLVE FOR GOOD PARTIES OFFERING SUCH SITE, PLATFORM, OR CONTENT TO PERSONS IN JURISDICTIONS WHERE THE PROVISION OF SUCH SITE, PLATFORM, OR CONTENT IS PROHIBITED BY LAW.**

1. **Termination**. If you violate applicable laws or these Terms, you are immediately prohibited from further use of the Site, Platform, or Content, and we may restrict your access to the Site, Platform, or Content. Solve For Good may suspend or terminate the Site, Platform, or any Content, in whole or in part, at any time in its sole discretion for any reason. Solve For Good shall not be liable to you or anyone else for any damages arising from or related to Solve For Good&#39;s suspension or termination of your access to the Site, Platform, or the Content, or in the event Solve For Good modifies, discontinues or restricts the availability of the Site, Platform, or the Content (in whole or in part).

1. **Unavailability**. Without limiting the generality of the previous section, the Site, Platform, or Content may be unavailable or limited for various reasons, and we shall not be liable to you for any such unavailability, including without limitation (a) hardware, software, server, network, or telecommunications failures, (b) severe weather, war, riot, act of God, fire, earthquake, strike, labor shortage, etc., (c) regulatory restrictions and other acts of government, (d) interruptions due to utility and power companies, and (e) interruptions due to hacking or other malicious intrusion.

1. **Cooperation with Law Enforcement.** Solve For Good will cooperate with law enforcement if you are suspected of having violated applicable laws. **YOU WAIVE AND HOLD SOLVE FOR GOOD AND THE SOLVE FOR GOOD PARTIES HARMLESS FOR ANY COOPERATION WITH, OR DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION TO, LAW ENFORCEMENT RELATING TO YOUR SUSPECTED VIOLATION OF APPLICABLE LAWS.**

1. **Disputes.** These Terms, and your access to and use of the Site and Platform, are governed by the laws of the State of [ENTER STATE NAME], without regards to its conflict of laws principles. Venue is exclusively in the state or federal courts, as applicable, located in [CITY, STATE]. The parties expressly agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of those courts. Any cause of action or other claim brought by you with respect to the Site or Content must be commenced within one year after the cause of action or claim arises.

1. **Assignment.** We may assign our rights and delegate our duties under these Terms at any time to any party without notice to you. You may not assign your rights or delegate your duties under these Terms without our prior written consent. These Terms inure to the benefit of Solve For Good&#39;s successors and assigns.

1. **Entire Agreement.** These Terms, the Privacy Policy, and any terms posted throughout the Site (if any) are the entire agreement between you and Solve For Good with respect to your access to and use of the Site and Platform. In the event of conflict between these Terms and our Privacy Policy, our Privacy Policy will control.

1. **Waiver.** Solve For Good&#39;s failure to enforce any provision of these Terms will not constitute a waiver of that provision or any other provision. Any waiver of any provision of these Terms will be effective only if in writing and signed by Solve For Good.

1. **Severability**. If any provision of these Terms is held invalid, void, or unenforceable, that provision will be severed from the remaining provisions and the remaining provisions will remain in full force and effect. The headings in these Terms are for convenience only and do not affect the interpretation of these Terms.

1. **Specific Terms Applying to Volunteers.**

    1. **No Guarantee.** Solve for Good provides a Platform for you as a Volunteer to seek technical opportunities to help assist Social Good Organizations. However, Solve for Good does not guarantee a match with a Social Organization through the Platform and assumes no responsibility and disclaims all liability for your interaction with or services performed for the Social Good Organization. Please note, a Social Good Organization may subsequently enter into a separate agreement with you setting forth the terms and conditions regarding the technical services you will perform as a Volunteer.

    1. **True and Accurate Information.** It is your responsibility as a Volunteer to provide true, accurate, and complete information regarding your technical skills, academic training, and availability. It remains your responsibility to update and correct such information as it changes.You agree to notify Solve For Good immediately in writing by emailing [info@datascienceforsocialgood.org](mailto:info@datascienceforsocialgood.org) if you need to update your Portal information or terminate your volunteer project for any reason. If you do not notify, we reserve the right to terminate your account.

    1. **Conduct.** Volunteers shall use sound judgement and behave professionally when interacting with Social Good Organizations in a competent manner. Volunteers must not post any content that is unlawful, fraudulent, discriminatory, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene or otherwise objectionable when using the Portal.

1. **Specific Terms Applying to Social Good Organizations.**

    1. **No Guarantee.** Solve for Good provides a Platform for your Social Good Organization to pose and describe problems that need data intensive help. However, Solve for Good does not guarantee a match with a Volunteer through the Platform and assumes no responsibility and disclaims all liability for the actual services performed by the Volunteer. After matching with a potential Volunteer through the Platform, it is entirely your responsibility as a Social Good Organization to work with the Volunteer and you may consider entering into an agreement with the Volunteer to set forth the project expectations, proposed deliverables and work product, confidentiality terms, and deadlines.

    1. **True and Accurate Information.** It is your responsibility as a Social Good Organization to provide true and accurate information describing your Social Good Organization&#39;s problems, technical issues, and the projects that a Volunteer may assist with. It remains your responsibility to update and correct such information as it changes on the Portal. For clarity, we retain the ability to remove projects posted on the Platform that do not conform to the overall mission, objectives, and values of Solve for Good.

    1. **Self-Reporting by Volunteers.** Information contained in the Portal relies upon self-reporting by Volunteers and is not verified by Solve for Good. The account profile or posting of a given Volunteer is not a guarantee that the Volunteer has the attributes, capacity, or experience necessary for your Social Good Organization&#39;s project.

    1. **Platform Fees.** You acknowledge that we reserve the right to charge for the Portal and to change the fees from time to time in our discretion, upon notice to you at your then-current e-mail address stored in your Solve For Good account. Upon using the Platform to post volunteer opportunities, you will be responsible for the payment of any applicable fees.

1. **Contact Us.** Please direct any questions and concerns regarding these Terms to us at:<br/><br/>
Data Science For Social Good d/b/a Solve For Good<br>
Eerste Jan Steenstraat 84 AIII/ 1072 NP Amsterdam/ The Netherlands<br>
[info@datascienceforsocialgood.org](mailto:info@datascienceforsocialgood.org)
